Mandiant feed convert to aware date_time (#26103)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMandiant/ReleaseNotes/1_0_12.md

#### Integrations
##### Mandiant Advantage Feed

> - Fixed an issue where the ***fetch indicators*** stopped fetching indicators do to a wrong datetime in the indicators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch indicators*** command stopped fetching indicators do to an incorrect datetime in the indicators. 
```
